You might as well
Watch the video first
Oops
Xiao Gu
Where did this video come from?
Xu Group's Signing Ceremony
What about our strategic cooperation this time?
Mr. Gu
Vice President Xu has always called me first to Secretary Jiang
Shall we stop it?
Xiao Xu, keep an eye on the collar
Let's see what the school wants to do
Since dawn
My people are protecting him all the time
Witness
There are many
Know that you have to do what you say
The story will become a full Buddha from today
Jiaojiao, how could you do such a thing?
This time we pay attention to verbal warnings
If you lie to the police next time
Be legally responsible
Sorry to bother you.
Mom, I was taught to be bad by no one since I was a child
Can you give me another chance?